oh hi guys it's katie and welcome on
back to steal the spotlight as I'm sure
all of you are well aware it is
currently Fashion Week season around the
globe so I thought that I would share
with you guys some street style trends
that I've seen emerge so the first major
trend that I have seen is kind of like a
blanket coat k variation I mean I've
seen so many different types but I
absolutely love this trend and I think
what I love most is that you can style
it so many different ways so it's very
unique depending on your own personal
style personally I decided to team it up
with some thigh-high boots because that
is also another micro trend that I saw
emerge especially in London Fashion Week
they were just everywhere and I don't
know about you guys but I kind of feel
like this trend is just a continuation
on from the burberry kind of poncho cape
that we saw last season but I love this
because it is definitely a more wearable
option and much more affordable for us
to find in stores so this next outfit
actually features two trends we're
fairly familiar with already and that is
overalls and sneakers but I am very
happy to announce that it looks like
these ones will be sticking around a
little while longer which is great news
because the comfort factor for this
outfit is a major major tick so in most
of the photos i have seen on street
style blogs were of people wearing the
full-length pants overalls which i
personally also love however i do live
in australia and i was boiling hot
filming this video as it was so i
decided to put my own little spin on
this one
[Music]
so I'm very excited to show you guys
this outfit because it is the perfect
example of when runway trends really do
filter down to real life because
honestly 70s inspired elements including
fringe was spotted everywhere on the
runways last fashion week in September
and this fashion week they are all over
the streets honestly I have never seen
so much fringe in one place it was
ridiculous and I think that this is a
really easy one to recreate at home
because all you need is one statement
fringe piece and then you can just pair
it with whatever you already have in
your wardrobe and now for the final
outfit which i think is very sleek and
sophisticated the two trends are
turtlenecks which is my personal
favorite fashion trend so far for 2015 I
cannot wait for it to cool down so I can
really start rocking in and also
monochromatic dressing and I know that
usually we associate that with wearing
lots of black and white however this
season it is about choosing one color
and dressing in that shade from head to
toe just with kind of slightly different
tones so personally I went for quite a
muted option in gray however it was
spotted everywhere in bright colors like
red and cobalt blue so you can be fairly
daring with this trend as well so that's
actually it for the street style video I
hope you guys enjoyed it please let me
know in the comments which outfit and
trend was your favorite and that you
would love to rock this season and until
next time you can check me out on
instagram at steal the spotlight what